Add a new table to list and describe supported log types for detector creation (#4946)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _security-analytics/sec-analytics-config/log-types.md

| **AWS CloudTrail logs** | Logs that monitor events for an AWS CloudTrail account. OpenSearch can ingest CloudTrail log data from both [AWS Simple Storage Service](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/Welcome.html) (S3) accounts and [Amazon Security Lake](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/security-lake/latest/userguide/what-is-security-lake.html) service accounts.  
| **Amazon S3 access logs** | These logs track requests for access to an Amazon S3 bucket.
| **Google Workspace logs** | Logs for Google Workspace that can monitor log entries such as admin actions, group and group membership actions, and events having to do with log in.   
| **GitHub actions** | Logs that monitor workflows created by [GitHub Actions](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/learn-github-actions/understanding-github-actions).
| **Microsoft 365 logs** | Microsoft 365 audit logs collect a range of data for Microsoft 365 including records from call details, performance data, SQL Server, security events, and access control activity.
| **Okta events** | These logs record Okta events from a range of actions such as downloading an export file, requesting an application access, or revoking privileges. 

> | **Microsoft Azure logs** | Logs that monitor log data for Cloud applications managed by the Microsoft Azure cloud service platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Microsoft Azure logs** | Logs that monitor log data for cloud applications managed by Microsoft Azure Cloud Services.
```

> | **VPC Flow logs** | [VPC Flow logs](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/prescriptive-guidance/latest/logging-monitoring-for-application-owners/vpc-flow-logs.html) capture information about the IP traffic going to and from network interfaces in your VPC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **VPC Flow logs** | [VPC Flow Logs](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/prescriptive-guidance/latest/logging-monitoring-for-application-owners/vpc-flow-logs.html) capture information about the IP traffic going to and from network interfaces in your VPC.
```
